hello everyone welcome to another
beautiful day here in Minecraft
this is the number-one gamer and I'm
gonna show you the farm gonna build not
too long though it's really no big deal
I'll just be real quick guys so we have
a few animals here some cows some
chickens and we have there only one but
whatever and here we have a few a bunch
of open stuff but I have some eggs and I
think you know what's gonna come next
I'm gonna make a big chicken farm I'm
having chicken breasts tonight catch
your damn chicken alright so there we go
big chicken farm there alright so now
we're gonna get to the top of the farm
here which is actually pretty cool we
made a bunch of crops or and there's
some weed in the back there
nice game but yeah some some cool crops
is actually alive but can you take us a
while to do all this but I'm pretty
proud of it it's full of smoke how are
you doing up here get your ass out of
here boy alright so yeah I'm pretty
proud of your takes a while that's
really easy because it takes literally
like ten minecraft days
you're faster in the video right here or
my guys on steroids but everyone works
it used to be in the old Minecraft that
when you had wheat you can make this
make the you know the animals follow you
but in the Xbox version you can't do
that which actually kind of pissed me
off because all the animals in my in the
farm down there had to be pushed in it
took me like 20 minutes to push each
animal inside the freaking farm took a
long time it was frustrating but we did
it and it's over with and you have a
nice farm because of it so proud of it
it's really no big deal it's pretty
small but in the future I'm definitely
gonna make him be making a lot of more
better stuff it's gonna be a lot bigger
and you guys are definitely gonna enjoy
that a lot more but for now just in
pretty cool little farm that I have for
you guys I'm gonna make it rain and
bread right now you guys can have some
if you want no big deal I'm gonna feed
all of my subscribers please sub for
more minecraft other stuff coming soon
I'm gonna be having some mana for three
soon two as well so thank you guys very
much for stopping by
have a good day and I'll see you on the
next video